If you bomb Donbass, we will bomb Kyiv, and our targets will be Brussels, Berlin, London, and Washington. Disband NATO within 24 hours, or all NATO capitals will be destroyed. - Supreme Ruler Zhirinovsky
Moscow doesn't want this war, and our president has clearly stated in Russian, 'Don't shoot at Baghdad. Let's address the issues in Tbilisi, Baku, or other cities together. We can identify alternative targets on Earth, considering its vastness. For instance, if desired, we could sink Australia into the ocean depths. Alright! Do you want to witness our missiles? Our weapons are ready. Furthermore, during the night, our scientists will slightly alter the gravitational field of the Earth, resulting in your country (USA) being submerged underwater. Within 24 hours, the entire country will be submerged in the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. Consider carefully whom you are playing with. Think, for heaven's sake. - Supreme ruler zhironovksy
Your predecessor, fucking Clinton, got his trousers undone right in the workplace; a prostitute sucked him off. Is this America, for fuck's sake? What fucking president, what fucking war, what middle east, retards, faggots, onanists? - Supreme ruler Zhirinovsky
Fuck your Europe, Russia and Turkey will improve the ruble and lira together. - Supreme ruler Zhirinovsky
For 1000 years, yes, 1000 years, we did not have democracy because for 1000 years we have been fighting, and we continue fighting now, so in Europe there's democracy. It's us who are saving you; Yeltsin is saving you. I'll make a path into Europe. These Chechen separatists will go to you; you will destroy them, not us. Russian soldier blood proceeds to be spilt. In the Balkans and other regions, because we continue to do something for Europe always, russia stands in middle of Europe and Asia, we made a greenhouse for you, youre in it, you have the warm sun because bombs aren't dropping onto your heads because in the east the russian army stands and that young coward who is 25 years old remembers the 68th year but doesn't remember 9th may 1945 when the war ended and we still sent our tanks to the split blood of others. And you're all sitting here; you would now be sitting in a German work camp if our army 50 years ago hadn't saved you, and southern Europe would be under Turks. We destroyed Turkish armies; 30 times we have fought with Turks; and today there is no Turkish delegation here because you accepted a country that every day has been bombing Turkish villages and towns(?) not just in Antalya but also other countries. That's you, Europeans; you blocked Iraq; you were the leader of Yugoslavia; and millions of people now die of hunger because of your politics. - Supreme ruler Zhironovsky
If you will accept a dual standard and say that Russia is sick and you are a hospital, it means that we can come to you, become doctors, and together heal sick Europe. If Russia is sick, then Europe is also sick, but if you say that Europe is right and that Russia is the sick man of Europe, I will be grateful. 2 standards On one side, Turks are bombing Kurds, and on the other side, Germans are burning Turks in Germany. Is this right? This is a disease of Europe. Today, Russia is the most free country, has the most free press, and has the most free economy. Have you even invested a single dollar in our economy? For us, you have done nothing; you only sent thieves to Russia to steal more from the country. You didn't like the Russian Empire, and you did everything to destroy the Tsar. Then, after you didn't like the Soviet Union, you did everything to destroy it, and now you don't even like democratic Russia. Again, you are looking for a weak spot, but you are not acknowledging your own. - Supreme Ruler Zhirinovsky
Nowhere is it indicated what to do during the use of the anthem: stand, sprint, or crawl. It is necessary to love the motherland. - Supreme ruler Zhirinovsky
In any situation, everyone needs to understand that America today Is worse than Napoleon and Hitler in many ways. Napoleon slowly went across Europe and, on horses, went to Moscow, stood there, and left. Hitler went on cars and motorcycles and also got to Moscow, but these will not get to Moscow because they are so dangerous that at night they can shoot rockets at any point of the planet and that they could surround us. They are in South Korea, Pakistan, the Balkans, and they will get to the Baltics. They will absolutely be in the Baltics and will reach Smolensk, 500km from Moscow. We are again waiting for the 21st of June, and we still can't get good relations with the whole Muslim world and get millions of dollars, but if we make friends with the Arabs and Iran, it's the end of America because all the money of Russia and the Arabs supports the economy of the west. - Supreme ruler Zhirinosky
Don't wish anyone bad, but remember, don't dig in the wrong hole; you have to take it away yourself. On March Women's Day, May 1 is spring, then summer, and then again spring. Not too quick; we will continue quietly if there's no war; if there's a war, we will win, and everyone gets what they get. - Supreme ruler Zhirinovsky